                            Welcome to Enhanced Crafting!

        A series of .json files to be used in conjunction with Minecraft.
        These folders contain various files which, when put into a world
        save folder of Minecraft, affect how the crafting system works
        and creates recipes for things which there usually wouldn't be a
        recipe for (Block reclaiming, clay, etc.). All of the files are
        completely optional on whether or not you use them and in this
        file there are installation structures for how to put them into
        Minecraft and activate them. See you on the other side!






                            Downloading the files:

There are 2 different ways to download the files:
    -If you know how to use Git you can clone the files using this command
        git clone https://github.com/alkali-metal/Enhanced-Crafting
     This will create a new folder with all of the files in it (including
     this file)
    
    OR
    
    -You can click the green "Clone or download" button above the file viewer
     you will then want to press the "Download ZIP" button, this will download
     a zip archive to you computer, you will want to unzip this file with the
     file manager of your choice.






                              Adding to Minecraft:
This will cause a new folder to be made with the Enhanced Crafting files in it
(including this one). From within that file you will want to select your base
Enhancement module (For survival situations I (Alkali) would recommend nothing
more than survival, survival+ and adventure but the final decision is up to you,
look at what they can craft with each module and decide from there) if there are
any items within the module you feel like your players should not be able to
craft, delete the .json file corresponding to that item. Now, if you feel so
strongly about a crafting recipe that should be different or not exist at all,
let me know by submitting an issue at:
        https://github.com/Alkali-Metal/Enhanced-Crafting/issues/new
                                      and I will review it and either make the
changes or deny the changes because they are either:
    -Not thought out good enough
    or
    -It was intended to be that way for a very specific reason
                                                   other than those two reasons
it should not get denied unless there is a mass revolt against it. Because this
is a community driven project it is for the most part, completely decided by
people who, like you, are wanting to enhance crafting in Minecraft. Most of the
crafting recipes in this collection have been discussed over multiple times and
changed even more. We have tried to keep these recipes as reasonable as possible
but sometimes we just couldn't these are the times when we need your help to sort
out the recipes and help us get them into the modules as soon as possible.
